Name: C4 RIPPED
Price: 6,950
Previous Price: 
Rating Stars: 
Flavour: 
Weight: 

Points:
1: 
2: 
3: 
4: 

Description:
C4 Ripped (Pre-workout)
The fact that a product gets a new edition says a lot about its popularity. You must have read about Cellucor C4 Pre-workout and how it amazed so many consumers with its benefits. Well, guess what? It just got an upgrade! This one is named C4 Ripped. So, what’s new about this version?
Sometimes when weight loss becomes a big problem you go for several kinds of diets and try different products to melt the problematic fat. But the C4 Ripped version is going to help you tackle the same problem. It offers the same energy levels like C4 with a fusion of different kinds of ingredients to help you with the weight loss process.  If you are that person in the group who loves cutting hours at the gym to maintain a toned body then this is something you should definitely try. It will not only help you burning excessive fat but will also provide a boost of energy that you might be losing because of the tough workout routine. Another noticeable thing in C4 ripped is that it is a Creatine free formula. Normally, it is super hard to find a supplement that offers a formula without Creatine but this one does.  The reason might be because it can create serious health issues and can be sensitive towards your body. If you have been looking for a Creatine free formula to lose weight then grab C4 Ripped without a second thought.

Benefits:
Lets take a look at its benefits:
1. The Magic of I-Carnitine and I-Tartrate:
We call these ingredients magical because they are. These are super effective for Fat burn and also offer you a boost of energy. It will make you feel much more active and focused and you’ll be able to perform well in your daily routine.
With the help of Carnitine and Tartrate you’ll be working harder for your goals because of the extra boost of energy. Who doesn’t need that in life?

2. Green Coffee Bean Extract:
Green Coffee bean extract is something that is used very often to formulate different supplements and that is because it has great benefits like ‘Effective Weight loss results’. It is there to serve exactly what it claims.

3. The touch of Cayenne Pepper:
You might have not heard about this ingredient in supplements. But, looks like C4 Ripped offers all the different things (In a good way). Cayenne pepper is basically a spice but it holds surprising benefits.
The reason why it is present in the C4 formula is because it offers weight loss and helps improving the circulation process of your body.
Besides weight loss it has many more amazing benefits like:
1. Anti fungal characteristics
2. Digestion
3. Prevents Blood clot formation
4. Detox
5. Provide a relief to Joint pains.
6. Promotes Heart Health

4. Funky Flavors:
Of all the benefits C4 ripped is providing you should not ignore this one. C4 ripped gives a funky range of fruity kinda flavors so that you don’t have to commit to the boring plain flavors.
1. C4 Cherry Limeade
2.C4 Fruit Punch
3. C4 Icy Blue Razz
4. C4 Raspberry Lemonade
5. Tropical Punch

Precautions:
1. People under the age of 18 shouldn’t use this product.
2. Do not use this product if you are pregnant or nursing a baby.
3. You should only start using this product after you have consulted a professional physician or your nutritionist.
4. If you are on antidepressants, blood thinners, or any sort of anti-inflammatory drug consult your physician before using.
5. Discontinue 2 weeks prior to surgery.
6. If you have a family history of Blood pressure, anxiety, diabetes, cardiovascular, seizure disorder etc then you should not be using this product.
7. Keep out of reach of children.

How to use?
1. Do not exceed daily recommended dosage.
2. Take one serving 25-30 minutes before your workout session.
3. Do not exceed 2 scoops per day.