Name: SYNTHA-6 BY BSN
Price: 8,950
Previous Price: 
Rating Stars: 
Flavour: 
Weight: 

Points:
1: 
2: 
3: 
4: 

Description:

Syntha-6 by BSN is one of the best and ultra-premium protein powders available in Pakistan. This is one of our favorite protein powders when we are looking for taste, quality, and consistency.

Provides you with 22 grams of literally the best tasting protein powder that not only includes essential fatty acids and essential amino acids but also has fiber which makes it a multi-purpose protein powder.

 

Why buy Syntha-6
Syntha-6 has quickly become the go-to protein supplement for many bodybuilders around the world and in Pakistan simply because of its consistent quality and taste.

The protein powder can actually be added to a wide variety of diets which makes it perfect for anyone who wants to live a healthy lifestyle.

Our favorite thing about the protein powder is its taste. BSN uses an exclusive flavoring technology that is unmatched by any other protein powder in the market. This is why Syntha-6 makes the best protein shakes, pancakes and other protein desserts so good.

What's in a serving of Syntha-6
This protein powder is not only one of the best tasting in the market, it is also packed with the kind of nutrition a bodybuilder requires to function. A single serving of the supplement will provide you with the following nutrients.

22g protein
15g carbs
6g fat
200 calories
10g naturally occurring essential amino acids
5g fiber
How to use Syntha-6
Syntha-6 has a great taste which allows it to be used in more ways than just drinking it with milk or water. You can make delicious pancakes or any other protein-based desserts and get their taste right.

The protein formula is perfect to use at any time of the day. But as a bodybuilder looking to put up muscle mass, the ideal time to take the protein powder is just before your exercise and immediately after.

Jacked Nutrition can help you decide the serving times if you are unsure. Please give us a call and let us help you.
