Name: NITRO TECH 100% WHEY GOLD BY MUSCLETECH
Price: 14,450
Previous Price: 
Rating Stars: 
Flavour: 
Weight: 

Points:
1: 
2: 
3: 
4: 

Description:
For more than 20 years straight, NITRO-TECH 100% Whey Gold has been the go-to protein powder for many bodybuilders from across the globe and Pakistan. This powerful bodybuilding supplement is made using cutting-edge and state of the art formula based on the foundations of human research.

The quality, consistency, taste and nutritional values provided by MuscleTech performance series is unmatched by any other protein supplement in the world.

The NITRO-TECH 100% Whey Gold is based on the same ultimate formula other MuscleTech products are based on. This new and improved protein formula features whey peptides and isolates as its main protein source.

Why is NITRO-TECH 100% Whey Gold better than other protein powders?
NITRO-TECH 100% Whey Gold protein supplement provides more value for your money straight out of the jar. Where other protein powder jars are 5 lbs in size, NITRO-TECH 100% is 5.5 lbs, offering bonus straight out of the box.

Before making this ultimate new formula, the researchers at MuscleTech reviewed a number of different clinical trials on whey protein peptides. This led them to discover that peptides are scientifically proven to promote rapid recovery after a hardcore workout.

Thus they developed NITRO-TECH 100% Whey Gold which features nothing but pure Whey Protein Peptides and Isolates for rapid recovery and quick muscle growth.

With this protein powder part of your diet, you'll build more lean muscle mass, recover faster and pull of extra reps in your workouts.

What's in a serving of NITRO-TECH 100% Whey Gold?
Along with pure and micro-filtered whey protein concentrate and isolate, NITRO-TECH 100% Whey Gold also packs superior mixability, absorption, and digestibility. In simple words, your body will be able to take more out of the protein powder than it can through other protein products.

A single scoop also gives you:

24 grams of 100% real protein
5.5 grams of BCAAs
4 grams of Glutamine and precursor
Absolutely free of additives
Low sugar and carbs
How to add NITRO-TECH 100% Whey Gold to your diet plan?
MuscleTech suggests taking at least 2-3 servings of NITRO-TECH 100% Whey Gold everyday. The ideal time is one serving 30 minutes before exercise and one serving immediately after you have finished. You can also consume this protein powder in the morning with your breakfast or after a major meal at any time of the day.

For a personalized diet plan, make sure to discuss the use of this product with your personal trainer. Jacked Nutrition is more than happy to help you decide how much servings you should consume every day.

For the best tasting protein shake, we recommend using skimmed milk with 1 serving of the protein powder blended using a blender. Add your favorite ice cream or peanut butter to the mix to alter taste and consistency.