Name: ISO 100 BY DYMATIZE NUTRITION
Price:  18,450
Previous Price: 19,000
Rating Stars: 5
Flavour: Fudge Brownie
Weight: 4lbs

Points:
Cash On Delivery
2-3 days Delivery
3 days return policy
Flat Rate (All over pakistan)

Description:
ISO 100 by Dymatize Nutrition:
This protein supplement promises you all the things you have been looking for! It offers you great strength and rapid muscle growth.  Just what you need if you want a proper start for your workout regime.  It absorbs the excessive and unnecessary fat that you have been trying to lose. It is clean and pure and provides your muscles the strength and rigidity necessary for weight lifting and other exercises.  Each serving of ISO 100 contains 25 Grams of protein, 5.5 Grams of BCAAs and 2.7 Gram of L-Leucine. A really amazing thing about this product is that it is approved by the consumers as well and is one of the most liked supplements by known Athletes and trainers out there. This product right here is going to save your day and it will help with the extreme natural growth of your muscles so, you  won't feel uneasiness anymore after your gym hours.

Benefits:
1. A positive Impact!
This protein powder will change your routine in so many good ways. For starters, it will bring a regularity and consistency to your routine because if you are already working out or planning to then this is something that will make itself a constant in your life. The protein powder is as instant mix you only need to grab a spoon and water and mix it with the powder and you are good to go!

2. Strong Muscles:
If you are looking for a product that can help you in building strong and heavy muscle mass then this should be your first pick. Mainly because this is exactly what the product is offering and also all the best trainers and nutritionists of the world can’t stop raving about it.

3. Great Taste:
Every Human of this world has a knack for good and tasty products.  Normally, protein supplements come with the same milki-ish kind of taste and it feels super boring when you have to drink the same thing every day. Well, you should give your taste buds a break by trying the amazing new flavors ISO 100 is offering.
1. Natural Vanilla
2. Natural Chocolate
3. Chocolate Peanut Butter
4. Peanut Butter
5. Birthday Cake
6. Cinnamon Bun
7. Cookies and Cream
8. Fudge Brownie
9. Gourmet Chocolate
10. Gourmet Vanilla
11. Orange Dreamsicle
12. Rocky Road
13. Smooth banana
14. Strawberry

 

1 Gram of Sugar serving:
Yes, this needed a special mention because it’s so wonderful that a supplement is not overly sweet and provides just the right amount for you to take in. So, in case you are trying to cut down sugar intake in your meals you won’t have to worry about using this supplement. Like they always say less is more.5. BCAAs:
ISO 100 contains 5.5 Grams of BCAAs (Branched Chain Amino Acids supplement).
Now the main purpose of BCAAs is to help your muscles grow and improve and provide you a strong muscle mass. This ingredient is proven to be extremely beneficial for your body and offers the best quality in every supplement.
Precautions:
1. Should not be used for weight loss/Fat burn.
2. Keep out of reach of children.
3. Store in a cool dry place
4. Discontinue 2 weeks prior to surgery.
5. Do not use this product if you are pregnant or nursing a baby.
6. You should only start using this product after you have consulted a professional physician or your nutritionist.

How to use?
1. One scoop is recommended for everyday use.
2. Just add a scoop of it in water, milk or any beverage you like and shake it for 30 to 35 seconds and it will be ready to drink before you know it.
3. The normal recommendations say that you have it 30 minutes before you hit the gym and also 30 minutes after you are done working out.