Name: NITRO TECH BY MUSCLETECH - 10, 1, 2, 4 LBS
Price: 22,950
Previous Price: 
Rating Stars: 
Flavour: 
Weight: 

Points:
1: 
2: 
3: 
4: 

Description:
Nitro-Tech by MuscleTech:
Any person who has ever been to a gym or is obsessed with working out and studying about what’s good for your body and what’s not knows that protein is something every athlete and trainer wants in their daily diet. Not just the diet they want it to take it in the form of supplements as well.  Nitro-Tech By MuscleTech contains 30 grams of protein per scoop. If you want to increase your muscle strength and focus then this product is made for you. It is highly recommended by professional trainers and athletes around the globe. To be a little precise about the quantities, it has 30 grams of Protein, 6.8 grams of BCAAs and 3 grams of Creatine.
When you are looking for a supplement that fits perfect with your diet and workout routine you always look for good quality ingredients and you want to make sure it is manufactured by a well known company. Turns out, this product has both because it has extremely beneficial ingredients and is manufactured by a very well known company i.e. MuscleTech.
MuscleTech is known for their great quality and customer care. They not only give you a great range of workout supplements but they keep upgrading their formula every now and then to make sure they provide exactly what is needed.  Lets take a look at its benefits:

Benefits:
1. Strong and healthy Formula:
Nitro-tech targets the professional trainers and athletes who are looking for something that can help them build a strong muscle mass to enhance their performance. The formula is carefully studied with the most amazing ingredients like Protein, Creatine and BCAAs.

2. Introducing New technology!
One thing that we should love about MuscleTech is that they love experimenting with their products with different things.  Each scoop of Nitro-tech has 30 grams of protein from whey protein isolate and whey peptides. These have an edge over the normal protein.
Apparently, it is more rapid and strong and your body tends to accept it faster according to the research. This shows that the product is just perfect for a post-workout supplement. Also, Nitro-Tech uses the filtration process for the components to remove any sort of impurities.

3. Creatine:
Creatine is something used in so many supplements because of its benefits. Creatine basically helps your body generate rapid energy over and over and keep you focused. More energy means you get to work harder and better.

4. BCAAs (Branched Chain Amino Acid Supplements):
The basic task of BCAAs is to help your body grow muscle mass. This component works directly on your strength and provides you a great chance to build a heavy and structured body. This ingredient is proven to be extremely beneficial for your body and offers the best quality.

5.Great range of flavors:
MuscleTech believes in giving a push to their consumers who are trying to reach their goals. So, how could they forget adding amazing range of flavors to make it more exciting? The flavors offered are:
Banana Bliss, Chocolate Chip cookie dough, Chocolate Mint, cinnamon swirl, Cookies and cream, Decadent Brownie Cheesecake, Lucky Marshmallow, Milk chocolate, Mocha Cappuccino swirl, Snickerdoodle, Strawberry, toasted S’mores, Vanilla and vanilla Birthday cake.

Precautions:
1. People under the age of 18 shouldn’t use this product.
2. Do not use this product if you are pregnant or nursing a baby.
3. You should only start using this product after you have consulted a professional physician or your nutritionist.
4. Discontinue 2 weeks prior to surgery.
5. Keep out of reach of children
6. Do not combine with Alcohol
7. Do not exceed the recommended amount

How to use?
1. Mix one serving (1 Scoop) in 6 oz or 2 servings (2 scoops) in 12 oz.
2. Mix it with cold water.
3. Shake or blend properly.
4. Use between major meals.
5. Drink 8-10 glasses of water daily.