Name: PHASE 8 BY MUSCLETECH - 2, 4.6 LBS
Price: 12,950
Previous Price: 
Rating Stars: 
Flavour: 
Weight: 

Points:
1: 
2: 
3: 
4: 

Description:
Phase8 is one of the best protein powders available in Pakistan today simply because it is a blend made from 8 different protein sources, each with their own time release profiles.

This complex protein powder blend feeds your muscles for 8 hours after the first serving you take, the results are amazing repair and recovery. The protein powder goes under a state of the art microfiltration process that gets rid of all the impurities such as fat and extra carbohydrates.

WHY BUY PHASE8
Phase8 by MuscleTech is a bodybuilder's best friend. The main protein source in this supplement has the unique attribute of releasing amino acids in your bloodstream throughout the day.

The amino acids are released in your body for 8 hours after the first time you take the supplement. Because of this sustained-release property of the protein supplement, it is highly anti-catabolic and anabolic protein powder that is excellent for muscle building.

What's in a scoop of Phase8
 

Phase8 is made from 8 sources of protein which include whey protein isolate, hydrolyzed whey protein isolate, whey protein concentrate, milk protein concentrate, calcium caseinate, and micellar casein.

A single serving of the protein powder by MuscleTech will give you:

26 grams of protein
5 grams of glutamine
5.6 grams of naturally occurring BCAAs
8 grams of carbs
1.5 grams of fat
How to use Phase8
According to MuscleTech, Phase8 can be taken any time of the day thanks to its unique time release properties. The ideal times to take the protein supplement is in the morning, before and after your workout.

For the best tasting protein shake made with this supplement, make sure you mix one heaping scoop of the supplement in water or skim milk. Use a shaker bottle to get the best consistency or a blender to create a personalized protein shake mixed with nuts, fruits, and ice cream.

If you are unsure about how to use this product, be sure to give Jacked Nutrition a call for free consultation.